c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.dll
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.pdb
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.dll.mdb
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.LoginSystem.apk
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.LoginSystem-Signed.apk
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.dll
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.pdb
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\android\bin\LoginSystem.LoginSystem.apk
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsigninstyle.xml
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsignupstyle.xml
c:\users\joseph\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\progressbarstyle.xml
C:\Users\Joseph\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\layout\dialog_sign_up.xml
C:\Users\Joseph\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\edit_text_style.xml
C:\Users\Joseph\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\mail.png
C:\Users\Joseph\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
C:\Users\Joseph\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right.xml
C:\Users\Joseph\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.dll
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.pdb
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.LoginSystem.apk
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.LoginSystem-Signed.apk
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.dll
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.pdb
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\android\bin\LoginSystem.LoginSystem.apk
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\layout\dialog_sign_up.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsigninstyle.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\buttonsignupstyle.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\progressbarstyle.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\edit_text_style.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\drawable\mail.png
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_up.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\anim\slide_right.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\obj\Debug\LoginSystem.dll.mdb
E:\SoftwareDevelopment\Android\Xamarin\VisualStudio\LoginSystem\LoginSystem\bin\Debug\LoginSystem.dll.mdb
